Fix: models_grouped always return opened data models (#8191)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Fixed small typo in ``user_documentation`` docs. [#8178]

datamodels
----------

> - Fixed a bug in the ``ModelContiner`` due to which ``models_grouped``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the ``ModelContainer`` data model, due to which the ``models_grouped``
```
